If you want your AI videos and images to
stand out, you have to know your styles.
Welcome back to the series and I will
show you how to master some cool looks
in Nano Banana and the technical
keywords that you need to know to master
this [music] looks. This video I'm going
to focus on pixels and glitches and
digital. On this one I'm going to use
Google Flow, but you can use any other
tool like Hex Field, Polo or Magnific.
Glitch art is a visual style that
intentionally embraces digital or analog
errors. It is raw, chaotic and
beautiful. You have a lot of keywords
for this style and some of them could be
chromatic bleeding, pixelation or image
tearing. [music] Let's try it out. As
always, I'm going to use Nano Banana Pro
and the first prompt is going to be
glitch [music] art style. I always do
this so I can get something random from
Nano Banana. We get it and it's quite
good. On this one it's focusing in more
on the digital type of glitch. Now, this
style glitch could be anything, but
mostly it will be around an analog
glitch, digital glitch or maybe a
combination of both. I'm going to paste
a new prompt and whole prompt it's
focusing on trying to get an analog type
of glitch art. If I don't specify that I
want something analog, I'm going to be
getting something like this which is
digital. You get this type of a data
corruption or pixelation. This is not
what I want. I want an analog tape type
of a VHS type of glitch. We get it back
and notice it's very, very different.
This one it's more digital and on the
other one we get this analog type of
glitch. I got to say it's [music] quite,
quite beautiful. Now, let's do the
opposite. On this one we get analog
glitch, I want to get a digital [music]
glitch. This is my prompt. I want an
image of a landscape, a mountain and I'm
using some very specific keywords to get
this uh digital uh type of glitch like
digital pixel [music] sorting, sharp
macro blocking, data corruption and RGB
channel splitting. I'm going to run it,
but by using these keywords Nano Banana
will know that I want this digital type
of glitch. We get it back and we can
again write from the scratch see there's
a lot of difference between both type of
glitches. [music] We get this mountain
and the data corruption right here at
the bottom mostly and then at the top. I
really like the style although it's just
very specific. You might not like it
because it looks broken. I guess it's
just a taste type of thing. Maybe you
like it, maybe you don't.
Okay, so bits. [music] It really depends
on your age. Maybe you played the early
consoles and if you did, I'm pretty sure
that you remember they had eight bits,
16 or 32 bits and they all look [music]
very different. Now, when I'm talking
about bits, I'm talking about the
processing power of the actual console.
Then I'm talking about the family game,
the Segas, the NES which is the Nintendo
Entertainment System, the SNES which is
the Super Nintendo. Then you have Game
Boy and a lot of different consoles.
Back in the day, this was the actual
technology, but now we use it as a very
specific style. And again, you might
think that they all look the same, but
no, they are really different. If I
prompt for that alone like eight bit art
style, going to just go and copy this
and then run it and on this one I'm
going to change it to 16 bits. Now, you
do have 32 and you might think that you
have four, but no, it doesn't exist. You
don't have four. When we get it back,
you can really notice the difference. On
this one, we get a lot less details
which because it's eight bits, [music]
but if I go to 16, we get a lot more.
Now, on another banana, if you prompt
for Sega style or eight bits or 16 or
32, you will be getting an interface of
a video game. If you do this on
Midjourney which is very artistic and
you go to the stylize and you go all the
way up, you will be getting something
super artistic just by prompting the
style. But then on a banana, it doesn't
work that way. It's a little bit more
realistic. If you want to get something
more artistic from this style, you need
to prompt for it. This is my prompt. I'm
saying that I want a minimal eight bit
pixel art. Pixel art is like the main
style for this ones, but we are being
very specific. We are saying eight bits
and we already know that it looks a
little bit different. Then on the rest
of the prompt. I'm saying that I want a
beach sunset with a palm tree in very
specific colors, like pink and cyan.
Let's run it and I'm going to do the
same thing, but on this occasion, I'm
going to do 16-bits. [music]
We get it back with the 8-bit version
and then this 16-version. Of course, you
have a lot more details. Now, which
style's better? Well, it's just
completely up to you. What I want to
make sure that you understand is that
they all look very different even though
they all belong to the same pixel art
type of category. If I use just [music]
pixel art without providing something
very specific like 8, 32, or 16, it
could go in any direction. And of
course, I'm going to give you an
example. A detailed pixel art portrait
of an aesthetic woman with violet hair
wearing a retro-futuristic jacket. So, I
want this retro pixel cyberpunk style,
low-fi color palette, and I'm finishing
with highly artistic and visual. And
this is important cuz none of anana
tends to be really real. It will maybe
give you a console or maybe a screen
with someone playing a video game. But
no, I want something artistic and
visual. We get it back and we get this
beautiful type of cyberpunk in Tokyo,
you know, pixel art woman. Which one do
you prefer? Well, it really depends on
your style or what you want. If you want
this super detailed type of pixel art,
well, you need to go this direction. If
you want the real retro vibe type of
style, well, then you need to be very
specific. 8-bits, 16-bits, and then you
have the 32s and on and on.
I love this one. This is the absolute
extreme of pixel art minimalism. It is
inspired by the early Macintosh
computers and the Gameboy. It is a
one-bit type of art because it uses two
different colors, usually dark and white
or dark green and light green. And I
promise that you will love the style.
I'm just going to go here and prompt for
the style. All right, so we get it back
and this is the style. It's that Gameboy
type of interface. Now, maybe the green
is a little bit too green. It used to be
a little bit more a little bit more
pale, but this is just one example. What
if we provide a little bit more let's
say details. This is my prompt high
contrast moody cyberpunk. So I want that
cyberpunk type of style. Then of course
I provide the keyword to end the style
and I want one bit so we that's the
second keyword one bit and then I'm
providing the type of colors I want to
be more let's say faithful to the style.
Like before since again nano banana
tends to give you a more realistic
result. I'm saying that I want something
artistic and aesthetic. We get it back
and this is a lot more let's say closer
to the style I want. And I really got to
say that I love this style. Maybe
because I'm not that young I'm a little
bit old and when I was younger I used to
play Gameboy the whole time. So this
type of style brings memories and I you
know really dig it.
ASCII is a purely text-based visual
style where images are constructed out
of only an amount of certain amount of
characters. I mean printable characters.
In the 60s and the 70s where computer
screens and printers couldn't render
actual graphics they relied on a clever
arrangement of typography to create a
form or to create something. As you
might notice all these different styles
that we are covering they have a
recentish type of history. First I'm
going to run the style ASCII art style.
Now this one is going if you just put
ASCII without saying art [music] style
you will be getting just something
pretty pretty boring. On this one we
could get something really cool and we
are getting it. We are getting a cat uh
made with you know characters. It's
actually you know pretty cool. Let's try
a different example. I want the ASCII
type of style of course of a woman. But
then I'm asking for something a little
bit more artistic let's say. I'm asking
for a glowing green text on the
background. I want something visual
artistic and retro. Let's see what we
get back. Okay. So we are getting it. If
I just click on it we are getting that
style. Now I want you to notice that on
the prompt, I said that we can only use
a couple of characters and at hash, dot,
and [music] forward slash. And this is
what we are getting. It's respecting
those characters, which is, you know,
mind-blowing that an AI model can take
some characters and create this type of
art style. I'm going to do the same, but
I'm not going to constraint the model to
use some characters. I'm going to
provide a little bit more, let's say,
liberty. And I'm also asking for
different colors. [music] Run the
prompt, we get back, and this is really,
really cool. And this is why maybe it's
a good idea to provide colors. If it's
just black and white, I mean, it's fine
if that's what you like, but when you
blend it with different colors, you get
something super, super artistic.
Voxel is short for volumetric pixel.
This is actually quite simple. It's
essentially a 3D uh pixel. So, the voxel
art takes the grid, the actually 2D type
of pixel, and then just turns it into
something, you know, three-dimensional.
And you know this style. You're going to
see it right now. If I go to the actual
prompt, and I prompt for voxel art, I'm
going to just run it. Just by prompting
this style alone, we will be getting
something very similar to what you see
on Minecraft. I mean, it's just a pixel,
but we make it 3D, so it's a cube. So,
yeah, Minecraft. And if we are going to
get back, this is what we get. And yeah,
this is like a, you know, let's say,
old-school Minecraft, but this is pretty
much the style. We are working with
cubes, but we have them on a
three-dimensional
type of space. Is this good? Well, maybe
not. If we provide more instructions and
we try to make it more artistic, we will
be getting something a bit more visual.
So, I will go right here and paste a new
prompt. A detailed voxel art diorama of
a lush floating island at sunset. So,
that's artistic enough already. Complex
cube geometry, soft volume lighting,
miniature aesthetic, highly artistic.
Let's run it, and hopefully we get
something a little bit better than this
Minecraft type of style. We get back,
and as you can see, it's a lot more
artistic. We are still working with
three-dimensional cubes, but again, it
looks really [music] artistic if you ask
me. Okay, so that's it. If you liked all
this and you learned something new,
leave a like, subscribe, and leave a
comment. Don't be a stranger.
>> [music]
[music]